New Source Cart (#4588): Documentation (#4859)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/cart.md

# Cart

## Sync overview

> This source can sync data for the [Cart API](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/docs/README.md). All streams we support are Incremental sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This source can sync data for the [Cart API](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/docs/README.md). It supports both Full Refresh and Incremental sync for all streams.
```

> This source can sync data for the [Cart API](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/docs/README.md). All streams we support are Incremental sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This source can sync data for the [Cart API](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/docs/README.md). It supports both Full Refresh and Incremental sync for all streams.
```

You can choose if this connector will copy only the new or updated data, or all rows in the tables and columns you set up for replication, every time a sync is run.

### Output schema

This Source is capable of syncing the following core Streams:

> * [CustomersCart](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/restapi.json/paths/~1customers/get) (Incremental)
> * [Orders](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/restapi.json/paths/~1orders/get) (Incremental)
> * [OrderPayments](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/restapi.json/paths/~1order_payments/get) (Incremental)
> * [Products](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/restapi.json/paths/~1products/get) (Incremental)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CustomersCart](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/restapi.json/paths/~1customers/get)
* [Orders](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/restapi.json/paths/~1orders/get)
* [OrderPayments](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/restapi.json/paths/~1order_payments/get)
* [Products](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/restapi.json/paths/~1products/get)
```

### Data type mapping

| Integration Type | Airbyte Type | Notes |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `string` | `string` |  |
| `number` | `number` |  |
| `array` | `array` |  |
| `object` | `object` |  |

### Features

| Feature | Supported?\(Yes/No\) | Notes |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Full Refresh Sync | Yes |  |
| Incremental Sync | Yes |  |
| Namespaces | No |  |

### Performance considerations

> The Cart api has some request limitation. See [this](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/docs/README.md#rate-limiting) .

Reviewer: The connector is restricted by normal Cart [requests limitation](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/docs/README.md#rate-limiting).

The Cart connector should not run into Cart API limitations under normal usage.
Please [create an issue](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues) if you see any rate limit issues that are not automatically retried successfully.

## Getting started

### Requirements

> * Cart access_token

Reviewer: https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/docs/authentication.md#getting-an-access-token
```suggestion
* AmeriCommerce account
* Admin access
* Access Token
```

### Setup guide

> Please follow these [steps](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/docs/README.md#setup) to obtain the access token for your account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow these [steps](https://developers.cart.com/docs/rest-api/docs/README.md#setup) to obtain Access Token for your account. 
```
